---
title: "1338 Blasphemy Fight"
parent: "Reconstructions"
nav_order: 1338
---

# The Blasphemy Fight

## Tubercular Ox's Reconstruction

This reconstruction does not attempt to recreate initiative or round order. It focuses on the visible actions of people in the scene.

### Nale
- **Turn 1 (1338): Nale begins the fight by casting _Blasphemy_.**
- **Turn 2+ (1339): Nale moves into contact with Roy and grapples him.** He appears to be using the option that lets him apply damage with a grapple check, one or more times.
- **Turn 3+ (1342): Nale attacks Roy.**
- **(1342): Nale attacks Roy again,** but Roy appears to block this one.
- **(1342): Nale flings V into Roy, Elan, and Mr. Scruffy.**  There's some free action talking around this, but Elan also moves forward so I'm treating it as a separate action.
- **(1343): Nale moves** into the next room, free action talks, and comes back into the first room. Could technically be part of Turn 4.  A dif
- **NOTE:** It is possible to interpret Nale's actions so far as two full attacks, with three attacks each.  This would imply that Roy does NOT have Combat Reflexes, because he only strikes back once in the second full attack.

### Haley
- **Turn 1 (1338): Haley appears to have a readied action** that interrupts Nale's use of _Blasphemy_. It **targets Sabine with an arrow**.
- **Turn 2 (1339): Haley is weakened by the _Blasphemy_ and complains of not being able to draw her bow.** This implies her bow is made to allow a Strength bonus to damage, preventing a weaker character from drawing it.

### Roy
- **(1339): Roy does not get an attack of opportunity when Nale grapples him.** Since he was dazed by _Blasphemy_ and has yet to act in combat, he is probably still flat-footed. This prevents attacks of opportunity.
- **Turn 1 (1339): Roy is dazed and takes no actions.**
- **Turn 2 (1341): Roy full-attacks Nale.**
- **(1342): Roy attacks Nale.** It's not another full attack, so I think it's an attack of opportunity for Nale's unimproved Unarmed Attack in the previous panel, but there's room for other interpretations.
  
### Thog
- **Turn 1 (1339): Thog moves towards Serini** and Serini jumps out of the way. Then he **moves by Belkar** and takes an attack of opportunity from him. Then **he attacks Durkon**. Serini ducking out of the way may be an avoided Overrun attack, which wouldn't cost Thog an action.
- **Turn 2 (1339): Thog attacks both Durkon and Belkar in a single swing.** In (1340) Durkon is shown to be down, which implies this is a Cleave.
- **(1340): Thog attacks Belkar.** I'm putting this as part of a full attack because Thog is way ahead on turns compared to other characters.
- **Turn 3 (1341): Thog attacks Durkon.** The spell cast by Elan prevents this from being part of a previous full attack.
- **Turn 4 (1345): Thog attacks Belkar.** The four comic gap messes with counting turn order here.
- **(1345): Thog attacks Sabine.** I think this is an attack of opportunity after Sabine tries walking away.

### Belkar
- **Turn 1 (1339): Belkar positions himself between Thog and Durkon, then appears to end his turn without attacking.**
- **(1340): Belkar blocks Thog's attack** with a two-weapon cross block and a "Block!" sound effect. Can be interpreted as Two Weapon Defense, which would give him a shield bonus when wielding two weapons.
- **Turn 2 (1341): Belkar attacks Thog.**
- **Turn 3 (1342): Belkar jumps at Thog.**

### Minrah
- **(1339): Minrah is paralyzed until further notice.**

### Sabine
- **Turn 1 (1339): Sabine moves towards Haley**, gets told off, then uses her _Greater Teleport_ to **teleport behind Durkon.**
- **Turn 2 (1339): Sabine does a Sneak Attack against Durkon.** The black aura makes sense as her _Energy Drain_, but _Energy Drain_ normally requires a grapple. My memory is that there are other instances of Sabine attacking this way, so it may be a design choice by Rich.
- **Turn 3 (1345): Sabine attacks Lien.**
- **(1345): Sabine tries to move towards O-Chul and Sunny.** Probably part of the same turn as previous.

### Durkon
- **Turn 1 (1339): Durkon is dazed and takes no actions.**
- **(1340): Durkon appears to be down,** which casts Thog's previous swing as a Cleave.

### Lien
- **Turn 1 (1339):** Lien is not depicted but I'm counting the turn because she needs it to shake Dazed.
- **Turn 2 (1340): Lien attacks Sabine** and Sabine dodges with a "Dodge!" sound effect. Lien appears weakened, and the black spiral suggests shaking off the dazed effect.
- **Turn 3 (1341): Lien attacks Sabine** and misses.
- **Turn 4 (1345): Lien attacks Sabine** and misses.  Could be two swings and two misses depending on how you interpret the art.

### Vaarsuvius
- **Turn 1 (1339):** Vaarsuvius is weakened and has no dialog.  Shaking off Dazed is implied.
- **Turn 2 (1340): Vaarsuvius attempts a Sound Lance** and is put into time-out by the IFCC.

### Sunny
- **Turn 1: Shaking off Dazed is implied.**
- **Turn 2 (1341): Sunny fires some of their rays.**
- **Turn 3 (1345): Sunny fires Charm Monster at Nale.**
- **Turn 4 (1345): Sunny fires Charm Monster at Thog.** The art seems pretty clear that O-Chul is firing the same ray twice.

### O-Chul
- **Turn 1: Shaking off Dazed is implied.**
- **Turn 2:** Let's put here: **O-Chu figures out which eye is charm monster, rotates sunny, and takes aim.** 
- **(1345):** O-Chul helps Sunny to aim and fire but I'm not sure what his actual actions are.
